feat(crd): enforce KongPlugin and KongClusterPlugin's `plugin` field be immutable via CRD validation rules (#5142)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

    [#5119](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/5119)
  - `KongConsumer` now enforces that at least one of `username` or `custom_id` is provided.
    [#5137](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/5137)

>   - `KongPlugin` and `KongClusterPlugin` now enforce `plugin` is immutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `KongPlugin` and `KongClusterPlugin` now enforce `plugin` to be immutable.
```
